>> Sarah Drasner: Sometimes people
talk about positioning in CSS and
how it's kind of hard to do and
it can be kind of a drag.
If you don't like positioning in CSS,
especially if you're making an animation
where things are kind
of all over the place.
And you've got so much stuff going on, SVG
might be the coolest thing that you found.
Sometimes people are like,
Sarah's really good at CSS and
I'm like, [SOUND] I'm better at SVG.
It just looks like I'm good at CSS because
everything's positioned all over the place
and that would be really hard to do with
CSS, it's really simple to do in SVG.
So if we take something like this,
it's just a really simple
SVG with some stars in it.
I can go over to the CSS first,
I can take the width and height out of it.
And then it expands to fill all of
the space, as soon as I take the width and
height out it expands
whatever container it's in.
So now I can make whatever width and
height I want,
I'm gonna say 100% of
the viewport width and height.
And then it will scale in all directions
there, right, that's amazing.
So all of the things inside of there, all
of the stars and all of their positioning,
stayed totally consistent.
No matter if it was stretched out for
the whole page, whether it's stretched out
into just getting constrained
into that one little place.
So if you need to put
text all over the place,,
if you need to put images
all over the place.
Even if you need to put bitmaps,
even if you wanna put JPEGs all
over the place it can keep
things totally consistent.
So if you wanna do something
like a text lockup so
you can see this responsive
text lockup by Chris Coyer.
So it goes back and forth and
you can see how that title,
that would be hard to do in CSS and
make is totally responsive, right.
But with the SVG you're making it,
you put it in there, that text is living,
it's actually a text element, right.
So people can actually read
that text element, and
it's still available to screen readers,
and it contracts and moves, cool.
We can use the stability of SVG for
page transitions.
So this is something that I made in React.
And as you move between the pages you can
see how the element just changes shape,
and it changes transforms, and
all of these little pieces
stay totally consistent.
So all of the things that
you're seeing here, I mean,
the text is actually text and stuff.
But all of the other pieces stayed
totally consistent across pages and
it's responsive as well.